Create CONTRIBUTING.rst and LICENSE (#40)
shimming-toolbox/shimming-toolbox-py: CONTRIBUTING.rst

Contributing to shimming-toolbox

> ===================

Reviewer: same number of "=" as number of chars for headings

Clean-up your commit sequence. If your are not familiar with git, `this
good tutorial <https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/rewriting-history>`__
on the subject may help you.

Focus on committing 1 logical change at a time. See `this article
<https://github.com/erlang/otp/wiki/writing-good-commit-messages>`__
on the subject.

Submitting a Pull Request
-------------------------

PR Title
~~~~~~~~

For each new release, so please follow the following rules:

-  Provide a concise and self-descriptive title (see 'Issue Title').
-  Do not include the applicable issue number in the title, do it in the PR body (see 'PR Body' section).
-  If the PR is not ready for review, convert it to a draft.

PR Body
~~~~~~~

Describe what the PR is about, explain the approach and possible
drawbacks. Don't hesitate to repeat some of the text from the related
issue (easier to read than having to click on the link).

If the PR fixes issue(s), indicate it after your introduction:
``Fixes #XXXX, Fixes #YYYY``. Note: it is important to respect the
syntax above so that the issue(s) will be closed upon merging the PR.

PR Labels
~~~~~~~~~

> Add the labels that best describe your PR ('enhancement', 'documentation', etc...

Reviewer: do it as done [here](https://github.com/neuropoly/spinalcordtoolbox/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst#pr-labels).

which also means: please create appropriate labels categories

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If your PR is not ready for review yet, you can convert it to a "Draft", so the team is informed.

A draft pull request is styled differently to clearly indicate that it’s in a draft state. 
Merging is blocked in draft pull requests. Change the status to “Ready for review” near the 
bottom of your pull request to remove the draft state and allow merging according to your 
project’s settings. 

Continuous Integration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The PR can't be merged if `Github Actions "Run
tests" <https://travis-ci.com/github/shimming-toolbox/shimming-toolbox-py>`__
hasn't succeeded. If you are familiar with it, consult the test results
to fix the problem.

Reviewers
~~~~~~~~~

Any changes submitted for inclusion to the master branch will have to go
through a
`review <https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-request-reviews/>`__.

Only request a review when you deem the PR as "good to go". If the PR is
not ready for review, convert it to a "Draft".

Github may suggest you to add particular reviewers to your PR. If that's
the case and you don't know better, add all of these suggestions. The
reviewers will be notified when you add them.

Versioning
----------

> --> TODO

Reviewer: why not using [that](https://github.com/neuropoly/spinalcordtoolbox/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst#versioning)?

Author: That's what I was thinking but I wanted to know if it was ok for you.

PR Labels
~~~~~~~~~

You **must** add labels to your PRs, as these are used to automatically generate Changelog:

> - **Category:** Choose **one** label that describes the `category <https://github.com/shimming-toolbox/shimming-toolbox-py/wiki/Label-definition#Category>`_ (purple labels).

Reviewer: you can delete the wiki page that you've created to replace with this link (with every new wiki page, we need to maintain the documentation)
```suggestion
- **Category:** Choose **one** label that describes the `category <https://github.com/shimming-toolbox/shimming-toolbox-py/labels?q=bug+documentation+feature+enhancement+testing+installation>`_.
```

> - **Shimming-toolbox Function:** Choose one or multiple labels corresponding to the files/functions that are mainly affected by the PR (light blue labels).

Reviewer: for now, i suggest we remove those sub-labels (it's not like we have 50+ functions to maintain)
```suggestion

```
